hey everyone it's Megan Roosevelt you're
helping crush the girl and registered
dietician and you're watching the
healthy grocery girl show today i am
sharing with you an amazing grocery made
meal we're making a blueberry hazelnut
chia parfait cheetah parfaits are great
for breakfast they're great for a hearty
snack or you can even have them as a
dessert our real whole foods are
blueberries and hazelnuts and our
healthy grocery fide archita pods from
the Chia company chief pods or chia
pudding is a great alternative to yogurt
if you're looking for a dairy-free
option the only ingredients and these
cheap odds are chia seeds coconut milk
in for the vanilla flavor vanilla bean
of course if you're getting the banana
flavor your ingredients will be chia
seeds coconut milk and banana and for
the mango flavor chia seeds coconut and
mango you kind of get back the theme
there but these are a really great
option they're super delicious and we're
going to make an awesome parfait out of
all of these ingredients to make your
parfait simply layer all of your
ingredients i started with blueberries
at the bottom then a layer of chia
pudding
then a layer of hazelnuts another layer
of chia pudding and I sprinkle the top
with some more blueberries and hazelnuts
health benefits of this recipe or that
blueberries are rich in antioxidants
helping boost your immune system chia
pudding contains chia seeds and chia
seeds contain omega-3 fatty acids which
are good for boosting brain and heart
health and hazelnuts contain protein
fiber and healthy fats eating healthy
can be easy when you combine healthy
grocery finds with real whole foods
alright time to try bite hmm what I love
about adding and the blueberries and the
hazelnuts is it really adds some texture
to the more creamy consistency of the
Chia pocket for a homemade chocolate
chip coconut pudding recipe visit
healthy grocery girls calm we want you
to join the healthy grocery girl
nutrition plan and online community
membership for recipes meal plans
grocery shopping lists and more check it
out at healthy grocery girl calm if
you're loving this video don't forget to
subscribe to the healthy grocery girl
YouTube channel let's get social after
this episode
met with me on Facebook Twitter at
healthy grocery girl and Instagram at
healthy grocery girl Megan thanks so
much for watching I'm making dress about
your healthy grocery girl and I'll see
you next time
mmm